_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a 5th-year PhD student at [University of Maryland, College Park](https://umd.edu/), fortunate to be advised by [Prof. Alan (Zaoxing) Liu](https://zaoxing.github.io/). My research interests are broadly in systems and networking. In particular, I attempt to bridge the gap between approximate algorithms (e.g., sampling, sketches) and practical computing systems (e.g., graph systems, key-value store migration systems), aiming to improve query performance and system scalability. Currently, I'm working on scalable cloud telemetry systems. 

I received my B.E. for Computer Science from [Xi'an Jiaotong University](http://en.xjtu.edu.cn/) in 2021.

News
======
[05/2025] I will be interning at Microsoft Strategic Planning and Architecture (SPARC) group this summer :)  
[04/2025] PromSketch was accepted by [VLDB'25](https://vldb.org/2025/)!  
[03/2025] A paper on Economic Denial of Service was accepted by [SIGMETRICS'25](https://www.sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/)!  
[10/2024] NetMigrate was presented at [P4 Workshop](https://p4.org/p4_events/2023-p4-workshop-postevent/)!  
[12/2023] NetMigrate was accepted by [FAST'24](https://www.usenix.org/conference/fast24/technical-sessions)!  

Publications
======

**[[VLDB'25](https://vldb.org/2025/)]** Approximation-First Timeseries Query At Scale  
<u>Zeying Zhu</u>, Jonathan Chamberlain, Kenny Wu, David Starobinski, Zaoxing Liu  
To appear  
[[Paper](https://www.vldb.org/pvldb/vol18/p2348-zhu.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/Froot-NetSys/promsketch)]  

**[[SIGMETRICS'25](https://www.sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/)]** Exploiting Kubernetes Autoscaling for Economic Denial of Sustainability  
Jonathan Chamberlain, Jilin Zheng, <u>Zeying Zhu</u>, Zaoxing Liu, David Starobinski  
[[Paper](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3726854.3727284)]

**[[FAST'24](https://www.usenix.org/conference/fast24), [P4 Workshop 2024](https://p4.org/p4_events/2023-p4-workshop-postevent/)]** In-Memory Key-Value Store Live Migration with NetMigrate  
<u>Zeying Zhu</u>, Yibo Zhao, Zaoxing Liu  
<em><font color="green">[Artifacts Available]</font> <font color="red">[Artifacts Functional]</font> <font color="blue">[Artifacts Reusable]</font></em>  
[[Paper](https://www.usenix.org/system/files/fast24-zhu.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/Froot-NetSys/NetMigrate)] [[Slides](https://zzylol.github.io/files/NetMigrate_slides_zhu.pptx)] [[FAST'24 Talk](https://youtu.be/l1fZykAGdM0)] [[P4 Workshop Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNCHO472CTI)]


**[[NSDI'23](https://www.usenix.org/conference/nsdi23)]** Arya: Arbitrary Graph Pattern Mining with Decomposition-based Sampling  
<u>Zeying Zhu</u>* , Kan Wu* , Zaoxing Liu    
[[Paper](https://zzylol.github.io/files/nsdi23-zhu.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/Froot-NetSys/Arya)] [[Slides](https://www.usenix.org/system/files/nsdi23_slides_zhu.pdf)] [[Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlXLuhnJZ9w)]  

*Equal Contribution

Experience
======
Research Intern  
Azure for Operators, Microsoft, WA  
May 2022 - Aug. 2022  
Fortunate to be mentored by [Stefan Saroiu](https://stefan.t8k2.com/index.html) and [Alec Wolman](https://alecw.azurewebsites.net/work/default.htm)  

Research Intern  
Network Research Group, Microsoft Research Asia, Beijing  
Sep. 2020 - May 2021  
Fortunate to be mentored by [Zhixiong Niu](https://zhixiong.org/)  

Teaching
======
Teaching Assistant, EC527 High Performance Programming with Multicore and GPUs  
Boston University, [Spring 2023](https://people.bu.edu/herbordt/teaching.htm)  

Teaching Assistant, EC528 Cloud Computing  
Boston University, [Fall 2022](https://zaoxing.github.io/teaching/2022-fall-cloud)  

Services
======
Journal reviewer: ACM Transactions on Database Systems, IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking, Computer Networks  
Conference reviewer: INFOCOM'2023   

Awards
======
<div style="text-align:left;">Hariri Institute’s Graduate Student Fellowship, Boston University<div style="float:right;">2023</div></div>
<div style="text-align:left;">Distinguished Computer Engineering Fellowship, Boston University<div style="float:right;">2021</div></div>
<div style="text-align:left;">Stars of Tomorrow Internship Award, Microsoft Research Asia<div style="float:right;">2021</div></div>
<div style="text-align:left;">National Scholarship, Ministry of Education, China<div style="float:right;">2018, 2019, 2020</div></div>

Commit message:

Revise about page content and add demo link

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a 5th-year PhD student at [University of Maryland, College Park](https://umd.edu/), fortunate to be advised by [Prof. Alan (Zaoxing) Liu](https://zaoxing.github.io/). My research interests are broadly in systems and networking. In particular, I attempt to bridge the gap between approximate algorithms (e.g., sampling, sketches) and practical computing systems, aiming to improve query performance and system scalability. Currently, I'm working on scalable cloud telemetry systems. 

I received my B.E. for Computer Science from [Xi'an Jiaotong University](http://en.xjtu.edu.cn/) in 2021.

News
======
[09/2025] [PromSketch](https://www.vldb.org/pvldb/vol18/p2348-zhu.pdf) will be presented at VLDB'25!  
[05/2025] I will be interning at Microsoft Strategic Planning and Architecture (SPARC) group this summer :)  
[04/2025] PromSketch was accepted by [VLDB'25](https://vldb.org/2025/)!  
[03/2025] A paper on Economic Denial of Service was accepted by [SIGMETRICS'25](https://www.sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/)!  
[10/2024] NetMigrate was presented at [P4 Workshop](https://p4.org/p4_events/2023-p4-workshop-postevent/)!  
[12/2023] NetMigrate was accepted by [FAST'24](https://www.usenix.org/conference/fast24/technical-sessions)!  

Publications
======

**[[VLDB'25](https://vldb.org/2025/)]** Approximation-First Timeseries Query At Scale  
<u>Zeying Zhu</u>, Jonathan Chamberlain, Kenny Wu, David Starobinski, Zaoxing Liu  
To appear  
[[Paper](https://www.vldb.org/pvldb/vol18/p2348-zhu.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/Froot-NetSys/promsketch)] [[Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skoXfeZZj4I)] 

**[[SIGMETRICS'25](https://www.sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/)]** Exploiting Kubernetes Autoscaling for Economic Denial of Sustainability  
Jonathan Chamberlain, Jilin Zheng, <u>Zeying Zhu</u>, Zaoxing Liu, David Starobinski  
[[Paper](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3726854.3727284)]

**[[FAST'24](https://www.usenix.org/conference/fast24), [P4 Workshop 2024](https://p4.org/p4_events/2023-p4-workshop-postevent/)]** In-Memory Key-Value Store Live Migration with NetMigrate  
<u>Zeying Zhu</u>, Yibo Zhao, Zaoxing Liu  
<em><font color="green">[Artifacts Available]</font> <font color="red">[Artifacts Functional]</font> <font color="blue">[Artifacts Reusable]</font></em>  
[[Paper](https://www.usenix.org/system/files/fast24-zhu.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/Froot-NetSys/NetMigrate)] [[Slides](https://zzylol.github.io/files/NetMigrate_slides_zhu.pptx)] [[FAST'24 Talk](https://youtu.be/l1fZykAGdM0)] [[P4 Workshop Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNCHO472CTI)]


**[[NSDI'23](https://www.usenix.org/conference/nsdi23)]** Arya: Arbitrary Graph Pattern Mining with Decomposition-based Sampling  
<u>Zeying Zhu</u>* , Kan Wu* , Zaoxing Liu    
[[Paper](https://zzylol.github.io/files/nsdi23-zhu.pdf)] [[Code](https://github.com/Froot-NetSys/Arya)] [[Slides](https://www.usenix.org/system/files/nsdi23_slides_zhu.pdf)] [[Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlXLuhnJZ9w)]  

*Equal Contribution

Experience
======
Research Intern  
Azure for Operators, Microsoft, WA  
May 2022 - Aug. 2022  
Fortunate to be mentored by [Stefan Saroiu](https://stefan.t8k2.com/index.html) and [Alec Wolman](https://alecw.azurewebsites.net/work/default.htm)  

Research Intern  
Network Research Group, Microsoft Research Asia, Beijing  
Sep. 2020 - May 2021  
Fortunate to be mentored by [Zhixiong Niu](https://zhixiong.org/)  

Teaching
======
Teaching Assistant, EC527 High Performance Programming with Multicore and GPUs  
Boston University, [Spring 2023](https://people.bu.edu/herbordt/teaching.htm)  

Teaching Assistant, EC528 Cloud Computing  
Boston University, [Fall 2022](https://zaoxing.github.io/teaching/2022-fall-cloud)  

Services
======
Journal reviewer: ACM Transactions on Database Systems, IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking, Computer Networks  
Conference reviewer: INFOCOM'2023   

Awards
======
<div style="text-align:left;">Hariri Institute’s Graduate Student Fellowship, Boston University<div style="float:right;">2023</div></div>
<div style="text-align:left;">Distinguished Computer Engineering Fellowship, Boston University<div style="float:right;">2021</div></div>
<div style="text-align:left;">Stars of Tomorrow Internship Award, Microsoft Research Asia<div style="float:right;">2021</div></div>
<div style="text-align:left;">National Scholarship, Ministry of Education, China<div style="float:right;">2018, 2019, 2020</div></div>
